Known bugs, things to do:  random order.

1. Better logging/debug information everywhere.  Separate normal
   logging (via log socket) from debug functionality (to stderr
   directly).

   [Added large strbufs for thread logging; added generic macros for
    FATAL_ERROR, WARNING and LOG that work in the different threads.

    Still need to make reporting levels consistent and fix some
    debugging dumps.

    Added LOG() statements in ADC, READER and WRITER to give a more
    complete picture of processing.
   ]

2. Add in energy computations into the READER thread data acquisition
   loop, so that average energy over the last interval is always
   available.

   [some code added to lut.c as start of this feature]
   [need to change this to take account of decorrelation code]

3. Implement a PUBLISH socket through which the READER can
   periodically publish energy and sample number data; implement the
   publishing code.

   [added SNAPSHOT_MONITOR address to defaults.h; need to add new
   parameter to snapshot.c and reader.c]

4. Sort out the WRITER mechanism for allocating the locked RAM to
   snapfiles and snapshots so that more writeahead can be managed.
   For instance, can allow a snapfile to use a certain proportion of
   the available locked RAM dependent on how many files are currently
   in transit.

5. Remove requirement for the three capabilities in the situation
   where the user limits are sufficiently relaxed to allow snapshot to
   operate correctly without them.

   CAP_SYS_ADMIN is not needed if the Comedi buffer limit is already sufficient.
   CAP_IPC_LOCK  is not needed if the RLIMIT_MEMLOCK value is big enough.
   CAP_SYS_NICE  is not required if the RLIMIT_RTPRIO value is sufficient.

6. Improve snapshot status reporting for completed and in-progress
   snapshots.

7. Initialise the ADC dry period limit based on the loop time in the
   READER thread.  Allow extra time when doing group synchronisation.

8. Add parameter to indicate group synchronisation and give wait period.

9. Check the Param - Init - Go - Halt - Param sequence to find where
   it fails to restore enough...  Second Init - Go fails to collect
   data.

10. Add code to allow conversion to cancel the correlation between
    successive samples from USBDUXfast.

    [done.]

